fix(identity): add known limitation aud required (#7874)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/components/management-identity/configuration/connect-to-an-oidc-provider.md

  - Client secrets
  - Audience
- A [claim name and value](/self-managed/components/management-identity/miscellaneous/configuration-variables.md#oidc-configuration) to use for initial access.

> - Your OIDC provider must issue JWT access tokens that contain an `aud` (audience) claim matching the configured audience. Camunda validates this claim for M2M/auth flows, so providers that do not emit JWT access tokens with an `aud` claim are not supported. See [known limitations](#oidc-provider-known-limitations) for providers that do not meet this requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your OIDC provider must issue access tokens that contain an `aud` (audience) claim matching the configured audience as Camunda validates this claim for auth flows. Providers that are not configure to, or do not emit the 'aud' claim in their access tokens are not supported. Please configure your identity provider to emit this claim if supported.
```

| User profile management                                  | Fetches user details from the UserInfo endpoint after authentication to personalize the user experience.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | <img src={CrossImg} class="table-tick" alt="Unavailable" width="15px"/> |

To request a missing feature, please [contact us](/reference/contact.md).

> 

Reviewer: I don't believe we need this section since there isn't any action a user can take to resolve. We can get away with just the statement above until we deploy a change to work around this limitation.
